But I love it. Been here 56 years now.
56, same as me.
Same as us.
I wouldn't move from you though.
Oh no.
No I wouldn't.
I love badges.
And when I hear people saying about badges.
Oh I love badges.
And I get such a bad name.
I get annoyed.
Well it's better than Dufferin.
Well why not?
Everyone got their badge in good places.
You shouldn't do that.
Should you?
Well when I was working in the spa room.
On Malpice Road.
There was people at work there.
Yeah.
That came from Betis.
And if you heard them.
You never think they came from Betis.
No.
Oh everything is bad about Betis.
I know.
And if you want.
I say hang on a minute.
Hang on.
I do.
Stand on the lane.
And watch the children.
The majority of them go up Malpice.
That's what I say.
So don't come here saying about Betis.
I won't have it me.
No.
I don't have it.
Well they got bad and good everywhere.
Even here.
That's right.
You know the posh parts.
Everywhere.
Yeah.
You shouldn't do that anyway.
No.
You've got your good and your bad everywhere.
Don't care what you say.
That's it.
Yeah.
Anyway.